.\" live-tools(7) - System Support Scripts
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2013 Daniel Baumann <daniel@debian.org>
.\"
.\" This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details see COPYING.
.\" This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
.\" under certain conditions; see COPYING for details.
.\"
.\"
.TH LIVE\-TOOLS 7 2013\-04\-25 3.0.20-1 "Debian Live Project"

.SH NAME
\fBlive\-tools\fR \- System Support Scripts

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlive\-tools\fR contains additional support scripts for Debian Live systems.

.SH TOOLS
\fBlive\-tools\fR currently contains the following tools.

.IP "\fBlive\-update\-initramfs\fR(8)" 4
writes out updated kernel and initrd images to the live media. This wrapper replaces the update\-initramfs command provided by the initramfs\-tools package.
.IP "\fBlive\-toram\fR" 4
copies running system to RAM in order to eject the live media.
.IP "\fBlive\-system\fR" 4
determines if running system is a debian-live based system.
.IP "\fBlive\-uptime\fR(1)" 4
tells how long the system has been running (works with LXC). This wrapper replaces the uptime command provided by the procps package.
.IP "\fBlive\-persistence\fR(1)" 4
switches a non\-persistent system to using persistence at runtime.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIlive\-boot\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-build\fR(7)
.PP
\fIlive\-config\fR(7)

.SH HOMEPAGE
More information about live\-tools and the Debian Live project can be found on the homepage at <\fIhttp://live.debian.net/\fR> and in the manual at <\fIhttp://live.debian.net/manual/\fR>.

.SH BUGS
Bugs can be reported by submitting a bugreport for the live\-tools package in the Debian Bug Tracking System at <\fIhttp://bugs.debian.org/\fR> or by writing a mail to the Debian Live mailing list at <\fIdebian\-live@lists.debian.org\fR>.

.SH AUTHOR
live\-tools was written by Daniel Baumann <\fIdaniel@debian.org\fR>.
